okay this video is on why the wii is
better than the xbox 360 first off the
controller for the wii is so much
superior to the xbox controller I mean
look at it you can hold this with one
hand this you can t it's you can't hold
up one hand look you can but it doesn't
have the dexterity this is just like a
remote control if it's perfect for the
TV unbelievable number two look how big
the AC adapter is compared to the wii
unbelievable look at that much smaller
and economical than that AC adapter look
at that to the big old brick what is
this a 1930s unbelievable number three
the xbox is a huge huge electric hog you
don't want to play this if you gotta pay
electric bill the next one the xboxes
cases for the games are ugly ugly green
compared pretty white look at that
pretty white wii game here's the next
one too many buttons on the xbox
controller got 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11
12 13 7 about 15 or 6 look at that we
there's only like one two three four
five look at six unbelievable on the wii
the cds you just push them in there and
it goes in with the xbox you have to
press in that button and it's lot the
disc the CD Drive slides out and yet put
the disc in unbelievable with the xbox
360 you get the red ring of death with
the wii
you don't have any red ring of death all
you have is the power and the reset an
awesome system the graphics on the we
are far superior to the graphics on the
Xbox unbelievable the wii has better
games there a lot friendlier and fun to
play whereas the xbox is a bunch of
shooting dumb games with games like halo
the helmet guy your helmet guy and you
run around and it's just horrible xbox
you have this external hard drive if you
get it and it's just crappy whereas the
wii it's all built in baby it's all
built in yeah it's got this API crap yes
the graphics car whatever but anyway the
hard drive inside there it's absolutely
amazing a lot of story the wii has
harvest moon whereas the xbox does not
unbelievable 360 also saying 360 xbox is
feminine whereas the wii you don't have
to worry about saying we 360 or any kind
of feminine typing with the wii u get
this nice little strap that goes around
your wrist and arm in hand whereas the
xbox you have no such capability you
just have to hope it stays in your hand
it doesn't fly